Name: Chau Le
Course: IT 262
Assignment 1	

	Google drive is a free storage, offered by Google. It is very convenient and secure. I can store everything I want to Google drive such as photo, PDF file, document etc. The most important thing is I can access to this storage with my laptop or a mobile device wherever and whenever I want if I can access to the internet.  It saves me a lot of time and money because I don’t need to carry a USB or an external hard drive around (the risk is I may lose or drop it somewhere). Besides that, I am able to share my file with my friends or group that I am working with. This is very helpful when I am doing a project. In term of capacity, Google drive offers more free storage than dropbox (5GB vs 2 GB). Google drive also included many applications such as document, presentation, spreadsheet etc. These applications are very similar to word, power point and excel of Microsoft. Moreover, if you decide to share them with your partner, both of you will be able to read and modify the file you created. It improved the collaboration for the group project. At school, some of my friends use Google doc to take note in class and they will be able to search the key word which related to the review material during the exam week. In my case, I use Google drive as a backup folder to store most of my important thing. I remember that one time the SSD in my laptop crashed, and I was unable to recover it so I lost most of my assignments and essay papers. 
	GitHub, in general, can be seen as a filing, controlling and task management system, code sharing and social network which provides access control and many collaboration features for projects. GitHub provides visual graphical interface that I can use to manage my project and keep track with the version of the project. I can build a profile, upload my project, post my code on GIt and share it with my team or other GitHub‘s users. I can download an open source code from others with GitHub and contribute to it. I can pull a request and if my contribution is accepted, I will get credit for it. It is an opportunity to sharpen my programming skill and also is good for my resume. The reason that make GitHub to become my favorite project development tool are its three features: pull request, fork and merge. The pull request allows me to let my team know the things I changed in a repository, so they can review and discuss. With the fork feature, I can edit a clone of existing project that I am interesting in before I can send a pull request. With the merge “branch” feature, all members of my team can work on a project at the same time. After we are done, we can merge our own branches to the main project.
